When I've built up my savings, I'll be able to travel to Mexico.
Wouldn't it be lovely to enjoy a week soaking up the culture?
The plots failed because of some trusted friends of the king.
After the death of the king, everyone wanted to be a king.
War does not bring anything good to the common people.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Short and sweet! LOVE IT! Two words that are completely random and had me laughing for 2 minutes straight. 
There is also nothing that would offend anyone.
We thank you for thanking us for thanking you for participation in this test. 
The results say that thanking the results for the information they got, will get a result of a result that will say the same thing.
That is the most lovely thing I've heard all year... I'm about to cry out of happiness.
On a scale from one to ten, what is your favorite window in a pencil case?
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent.
I woke up this morning and found a highly trained military llama on my front porch. I don't even have a front porch.
What do you think about the incident with the blue chimpanzee escaping Gotham City, on a My Little Pony scooter?